---
layout: default
title:  Just Memo - do not upload
date:   2019-03-09
categories: gopigo
mathjax: true
---


참고 사이트 

https://github.com/DexterInd/GoPiGo3/blob/master/docs/source/tutorials-basic/button.rst

https://projects.raspberrypi.org/en/projects/push-button-stop-motion



1. difference between __is__ and ==
- An is expression evaluates to **True** if two variables point to the same (identical) object.
- An  == expression evaluates to **True** if the objects referred to by the variables are equal (have the same contents)

## data strurcture 

 1. definition of array (symatically) :
Array is a data structure that contains a group of elements.  

 2. Moule in python : Array  
Well explained of array pyhton module : [Basic functions of Array module](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/array-python-set-1-introduction-functions/)    
some essential functions : array to create. arry(data type, value list). You should know what the "data type" is !!  

 3. Data structures  
It means containers such as list, touples, dictionary, sets and strings. ( Source : [data data_structures](https://thomas-cokelaer.info/tutorials/python/data_structures.html)    )
- Lists : A = [1,2]  
- Tuples: B = (1,2). It is immutable so is used in dictionary as a key. if some set of data used in a form of (-,-) and this is tuples. You have to put a name  for certain thing. It is faster than List . 
- Dicts : C = {"id":1}  
- Strings : D = ''' sting long string '''  
text = 'The surface of the circle is 2 pi R = '  
text = "The surface of the circle is 2 pi R = " : work same as single quoation but can use ' inside ""  
text = '''The surface of the circle is 2 pi R = ''' : can use multiline strings.  
- Sets : List but contains only unique value.  a = set([1, 2, 3, 4]). functions are differenct. useful for data comparison.  


For sunday python coding 
1. repository
https://github.com/GeunYoungPark/sunday-basic
2. local folder
C:\Users\jinkook\Documents\6.geun-workplace\python-coding\sunday-python-basic




## git hub command 
- at folder, select git bash
- log in
- at terminal 
git add `newfilename`
- To see its current status
git status
- to commit all modified and new file 
git commit -m "commit mesasge"
- to push changes
git push origin master


# How to sort a Python dict by value
# (== get a representation sorted by value)

>>> xs = {'a': 4, 'b': 3, 'c': 2, 'd': 1}

>>> sorted(xs.items(), key=lambda x: x[1])
[('d', 1), ('c', 2), ('b', 3), ('a', 4)]

# Or:

>>> import operator
>>> sorted(xs.items(), key=operator.itemgetter(1))
[('d', 1), ('c', 2), ('b', 3), ('a', 4)]