---
layout: default
title:  Python Basic - chapter 1 & 2 
date:   2019-03-08
categories: gopigo
mathjax: true
---


From now on, we will start to learn Basics of PYTHON one by one. We did some programing work but in fact it is not your programing code. Daniel said it is mostly only typing. But that is the very first stage of learning programming. It is like you sit on bike before you push peddals. You now pretty get used to structures and procedures of programing! 😀 You have been doing well and now let's move on to stage 2.  


# Install Visual Studio Code on Raspbian  
[Click](https://medium.com/@melzoghbi/install-visual-studio-code-on-raspbian-eedc566c616d)

<hr>

# Chapter 1. Structure of python code
This chapter is a review. 
First lets see basic concepts. 

The sturcure of python example file:

```python
# simple exampe of main() 
def main():
    print("Hello World!")

if __name__ == "__main__":
    main()
```

 
There are two primary ways that you can instruct the Python interpreter to execute or use code:

- You can execute the Python __file__ as a __script__ using the command line.
- You can import the code from one Python file into another file or into the interactive interpreter.

So ```__name__``` tells python execute the script and import other code as a __module__. In other words it is a built-in variable which evaluates to the name of the current module.

So far You heard the words file, module, and script used throughout this article. Practically, there isn’t much difference between them. However, there are slight differences in meaning that emphasize the purpose of a piece of code:

- File: Typically, a Python file is any file that contains code. Most Python files have the extension .py.
- Script: A Python script is a file that you intend to execute from the command line to accomplish a task.
- Module: A Python module is a file that you intend to import from within another module or a script, or from the interactive interpreter. 

<hr> 

###Drill
Make python code snippet🤗

```
{
		"python main() example": {
			"scope": "python",
			"prefix": "main",
			"body": [
				"def main():",
				"	$1",
				"if __name__ == \"__main__\":",
				"	main()"
			],
			"description": "python main() example"
		}
	}
}
```
<hr> 


# Chapter 2. Numbers, Variables and Names
A variable is a name for something. Programmers use these variable names to make their code read more like English and because they have lousy memories. If they didn’t use good names for things in their software, they’d get lost when they tried to read their code again.

_ this one is called underscore character and it is used for an an imaginary space between words in variable names.

### Drill
1. make empty python file. The file name is drill1.py
2. make 4 variables:   
cars, space_in_a_car, drivers, passengers
3. input values for each variable.
example : 
cars = 100  
space_in_a_car = 4.0  
drivers = 30  
passengers = 90  
4. Can you caclulate this:?
cars_not_driven = cars - drivers
cars_driven = drivers
carpool_capacity = cars_driven * space_in_a_car
average_passengers_per_car = passengers / cars_driven

5. Using print() function, print these sentences on terminal

```python
There are ___ cars available #cars  
There are only __ drivers available. #drivers  
There will be __ empty cars today.  #cars_driven  
We can transport __ people today. #carpool_capacity  
We have __ to carpool today.#passengers  
We need to put about __ in each car.#average_passengers_per_car  
```

Use variables instead of values. 
Here is a solution.

```python 
cars = 100
space_in_a_car = 4.0
drivers = 30
passengers = 90
cars_not_driven = cars - drivers
cars_driven = drivers
carpool_capacity = cars_driven * space_in_a_car
average_passengers_per_car = passengers / cars_driven

print("There are", cars, "cars available.")
print("There are only", drivers, "drivers available.")
print("There will be", cars_not_driven, "empty cars today.")
print("We can transport", carpool_capacity, "people today.")
print("We have", passengers, "to carpool today.")
print("We need to put about", average_passengers_per_car,"in each car.")
```

Another solution
```python 
cars = 100
space_in_a_car = 4.0
drivers = 30
passengers = 90
cars_not_driven = cars - drivers
cars_driven = drivers
carpool_capacity = cars_driven * space_in_a_car
average_passengers_per_car = passengers / cars_driven

sentence = f"""There are {cars} cars available. 
There are only {drivers} drivers available. 
There will be {cars_not_driven} empty cars today. 
We can transport {carpool_capacity} people today. 
We have {passengers} to carpool today. 
We need to put about {average_passengers_per_car} in each car. """
```


Source code
Fork it

https://github.com/GeunYoungPark/sunday-basic


**github Account**

* For Jessi   
https://github.com/JessiYoon  
Password : WpTldbs1~  
email : geun2young@gmail  
birthday : 1/1/1970  
gender: female  
Github user : JessiYoon  

* For Kyoungsu          
RlaRudtn1~  
geun3young@gmail  
1/1/1970  
male  
Github user : JessiYoon   

## Simple quiz
1. What is IDLE?
Search Google.  

2. How to open repl?

3. Do you know how to put comment? 

4. Tell me difference between docstring and comment.

5. what is the name of "f" for print?  
It is called “formatted string literals or f string. f-strings are string literals that have an f at the beginning and curly braces containing expressions that will be replaced with their values. 
Read [python docs](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/lexical_analysis.html#f-strings) for more information. 